Monsters
=====================================

.. contents:: Table of Contents
   :depth: 2
   :local:

Prerequisites
-------------------------------------

This pages assumes the following:

1. You have a working scanner.
2. You read and understood the :ref:`events_dts` page.
3. You are using the latest version of PokeAlarm.


Description
-------------------------------------

A **Monster Event** represents when a monster spawns in the wild.


Available DTS
-------------------------------------

General
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

=================== ==========================================================
DTS                 Description
=================== ==========================================================
mon_name            The name of the monster's species.
mon_id              ID of the monster's species.
mon_id_3            ID of the monster's species, padded to 3 digits.
form                Form name of the monster.
form_or_empty       Form name of the monster, or empty string if unknown.
form_id             Form ID for the monster.
form_id_3           Form ID of the monster, padded to 3 digits.
type1               Name of the monster's primary type.
type1_or_empty      Name of the monster's primary type, or empty string
                    if unknown.
type1_emoji         Emoji for the monster's primary type, or empty string
                    if unknown.
type2               Name of the monster's secondary type.
type2_or_empty      Name of the monster's secondary type, or empty string
                    if unknown.
type2_emoji         Emoji for the monster's secondary type, or empty string
                    if unknown.
types               Monster's type formatted as "type1/type2".
types_emoji         Type emojis for the monster as "type1+type2", or empty
                    string if unknown.
=================== ==========================================================


Stats
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. note::

    The DTS in this section require your scanner to encounter the target
    monsters to get the proper information. This typically requires special
    settings and accounts - see the documentation for your scanner for
    specifics.

=================== =========================================================
DTS                 Description
=================== =========================================================
mon_lvl             Level of the monster.
cp                  Combat Points of the monster.
iv                  Individual Values percentage of the monster.
iv_0                IVs, rounded to the nearest integer.
iv_2                IVs, rounded to 2 decimal places.
atk                 Attack IV of the monster.
def                 Defense IV of the monster.
sta                 Stamina IV of the monster.
base_catch          Catch rate of the monster when using a poke ball.
base_catch_0        Catch rate of the monster when using a poke ball, rounded to the nearest integer.
base_catch_2        Catch rate of the monster when using a poke ball, rounded to 2 decimal places.
great_catch         Catch rate of the monster when using a great ball.
great_catch_0       Catch rate of the monster when using a great ball, rounded to the nearest integer.
great_catch_2       Catch rate of the monster when using a great ball, rounded to 2 decimal places.
ultra_catch         Catch rate of the monster when using an ultra ball.
ultra_catch_0       Catch rate of the monster when using an ultra ball, rounded to the nearest integer.
ultra_catch_2       Catch rate of the monster when using an ultra ball, rounded to 2 decimal places.
rarity              Rarity of the monster, as supplied by the scanner.
=================== =========================================================

Moves
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. note::

    The DTS in this section require your scanner to encounter the target
    monsters to get the proper information. This typically requires special
    settings and accounts - see the documentation for your scanner for
    specifics.

=================== =========================================================
DTS                 Description
=================== =========================================================
quick_move          Name of the monster's quick move.
quick_id            ID of the monster's quick move.
quick_type_id       ID of the monster's quick move type.
quick_type          Name of the monster's quick move type.
quick_type_emoji    Emoji of the monster's quick move type.
quick_damage        Damage of the monster's quick move.
quick_dps           DPS of the monster's quick move.
quick_duration      Duration of the monster's quick move.
quick_energy        Energy generated by the quick move.
charge_move         Name of the monster's charge move.
charge_id           ID of the monster's charge move.
charge_type_id      ID of the monster's charge move type.
charge_type         Name of the monster's charge move type.
charge_type_emoji   Emoji of the monster's charge move type.
charge_damage       Damage of the monster's charge move.
charge_dps          DPS of the monster's charge move.
charge_duration     Duration of the monster's charge move.
charge_energy       Energy generated by the charge move.
atk_grade           Offensive grade of the monster's moveset.
def_grade           Defensive grade of the monster's moveset.
=================== =========================================================


Cosmetic
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. note::

    The DTS in this section require your scanner to encounter the target
    monsters to get the proper information. This typically requires special
    settings and accounts - see the documentation for your scanner for
    specifics.

=================== ============================================================
DTS                 Description
=================== ============================================================
costume             Costume of the monster.
costume_or_empty    Costume of the monster, or an empty string if unknown.
costume_id          Costume ID of the monster.
costume_id_3        Costume ID of the monster, formatted to there digits.
gender              Gender of the monster, represented as a single character.
height              Height of the monster.
height_0            Height of the monster, rounded to the nearest integer.
height_2            Height of the monster, rounded to 2 decimal places.
weight              Weight of the monster.
weight_0            Weight of the monster, rounded to the nearest integer.
weight_2            Weight of the monster, rounded to 2 decimal places.
size                Estimated size of the monster.
big_karp            Return `big` if Magikarp weight is >=13.13.
tiny_rat            Return `tiny` if Rattata weight is <=2.41.
=================== ============================================================


Location
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. warning::

    Geofences are evaluated on a per Filter basis - ``<geofence>`` will
    always be unknown if it passes through a Filter without a ``geofences``
    restriction applied.

=================== ============================================================
DTS                 Description
=================== ============================================================
distance            Distance of the monster from the set location.
direction           Cardinal direction of the monster, from the set location.
lat                 Latitude of the monster.
lng                 Longitude of the monster.
lat_5               Latitude of the monster, truncated to 5 decimal places.
lng_5               Longitude of the monster, truncated to 5 decimal places.
gmaps               Google Maps link to the location of the monster.
applemaps           Apple Maps link to the location of the monster.
Waze                Waze link to the location of the monster.
geofence            Geofence around the event.
=================== ============================================================


Time
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

=================== ============================================================
DTS                 Description
=================== ============================================================
time_left           Time remaining until the monster expires.
12h_time            Time that the monster will disappear, in a 12h format.
24h_time            Time that the monster will disappear, in a 24h format.
=================== ============================================================


Weather
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

======================== =======================================================
DTS                      Description
======================== =======================================================
weather_id               Weather ID of the monster.
weather                  Weather name of the monster.
weather_or_empty         Weather name of the monster, or empty string if
                         unknown.
weather_emoji            Weather emoji of the monster, or empty string if
                         unknown.
boosted_weather_id       Return weather ID if monster is boosted.
boosted_weather          Return weather name if monster is boosted.
boosted_weather_or_empty Return weather name if monster is boosted, or
                         empty string if unknown.
boosted_weather_emoji    Return weather emoji if monster is boosted, or
                         empty string if unknown.
boosted_or_empty         Return `boosted` if monster is boosted, or empty
                         string if not.
======================== =======================================================


Miscellaneous
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

=================== ============================================================
DTS                 Description
=================== ============================================================
encounter_id        The encounter id. Unique per monster spawn.
spawn_start         Estimated time that the monster spawn starts.
spawn_end           Estimated time that the monster spawn ends.
spawn_verified      Whether this spawn times have been verified.
=================== ============================================================
