docs/configuration/events/quest-events.rst, before:

Quests
=====================================

.. contents:: Table of Contents
   :depth: 2
   :local:


Prerequisites
-------------------------------------

This pages assumes the following:

1. You have a working scanner.
2. You read and understood the :ref:`events_dts` page.
3. You are using the latest version of PokeAlarm.

Description
-------------------------------------

A **Quest Event** represents when a quest appears in a pokestop.

This currently only works with one scanner.

+ If you're unsure as to which reward your alarm will be reporting, use the generic `reward` DTS, this will make it so you don't have any unused or unnecessary space

.. warning::
    Monster and item information is always sent with defaults, so including DTS
    for these when it's actually a different reward type will show misleading information.


Available DTS
-------------------------------------

General
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

================= ========================================================
DTS               Description
================= ========================================================
quest_type        The type of quest - raw data from the scanner in words.
quest_type_id     The ID of the quest type
quest_target      The target of the quest
quest_task        The compiled task from the scanner in words
quest_template    The in-game quest campaign template - usually for events
quest_condition   The conditions of the quest - raw data from the scanner
                  in words - will be changed to interpreted later.
quest_image       The relative image based on the quest reward.
                  See below for more information.
================= ========================================================

+ The `quest_image` will be one of the following based on the reward type
* When a monster, will link to the appropriate monster image
* When an item, will link to the appropriate item image
* When anything else (such as stardust), it will link to the generic image for that type

Reward Details
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

================= ========================================================
DTS               Description
================= ========================================================
reward            The amount and reward information in detail
                  - changed per locale
reward_type_id    The ID of the reward type, see :ref:`quest_filters`
                  for more info
reward_type       The reward type name
reward_type_raw   The name of the reward interpreted by the scanner
reward_amount     The amount of the reward
================= ========================================================

Monster Reward Details
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

================= ========================================================
DTS               Description
================= ========================================================
mon_id            The ID of the monster
mon_name          The name of the monster's species.
mon_id            ID of the monster's species.
mon_id_3          ID of the monster's species, padded to 3 digits.
form              Form name of the monster.
form_or_empty     Form name of the monster, or empty string if unknown.
form_id           Form ID for the monster.
form_id_3         Form ID of the monster, padded to 3 digits.
costume           The name of the monster's costume.
costume_or_empty  The name of the monsters costume or an empty string if
                  unknown.
costume_id        The costume ID of the monster.
costume_id_2      The costume ID of the monster, padded to 2 digits.
costume_id_3      The costume ID of the monster, padded to 3 digits.
type1             Name of the monster's primary type.
type1_or_empty    Name of the monster's primary type, or empty string
                  if unknown.
type1_emoji       Emoji for the monster's primary type, or empty string
                  if unknown.
type2             Name of the monster's secondary type.
type2_or_empty    Name of the monster's secondary type, or empty string
                  if unknown.
type2_emoji       Emoji for the monster's secondary type, or empty string
                  if unknown.
types             Monster's type formatted as "type1/type2".
types_emoji       Type emojis for the monster as "type1+type2", or empty
                  string if unknown.
================= ========================================================

Item Reward Details
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

================= ========================================================
DTS               Description
================= ========================================================
item              The name of the item
raw_item_type     The name of the item interpreted by the scanner
item_id           The ID of the item
item_id_4         The ID of the item padded to 4 with prepended zeros
================= ========================================================

Pokestop Information
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

================= ========================================================
DTS               Description
================= ========================================================
stop_id           The ID of the pokestop this quest is at
stop_name         The name of the pokestop this quest is at
stop_image        The url of the image of the pokestop
================= ========================================================


Location
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. warning::

    Geofences are only evaluated per Filter - ``<geofence>`` will be unknown if
    it passes through a Filter without a ``geofences`` restriction applied.

=================== =========================================================
DTS                 Description
=================== =========================================================
lat                 Latitude of the egg.
lng                 Longitude of the egg.
lat_5               Latitude of the egg, truncated to 5 decimal places.
lng_5               Longitude of the egg, truncated to 5 decimal places.
distance            Distance of the egg from the set location.
direction           Cardinal direction of the egg, from the set location.
gmaps               Google Maps link to the location of the egg.
applemaps           Apple Maps link to the location of the egg.
waze                Waze link to the location of the egg.
geofence            Geofence around the event.
=================== =========================================================


Time
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

======================= =============================================================== =============
DTS                     Description                                                     Example
======================= =============================================================== =============
last_modified           Time when the quest was last marked as modified - ISO Timestamp ISO-Example_
======================= =============================================================== =============

.. _ISO-Example: https://www.isotimestamp.com/

Commit message:

Enhances Maps Links by adding new DTS for Direct Navigation Links (#801)
* Introducing new direct Nav links and making older map links static maps for all providers

* Fixing flake8 failure in Utils.py

* Fixing issue with Google Map params

docs/configuration/events/quest-events.rst, after:

Quests
=====================================

.. contents:: Table of Contents
   :depth: 2
   :local:


Prerequisites
-------------------------------------

This pages assumes the following:

1. You have a working scanner.
2. You read and understood the :ref:`events_dts` page.
3. You are using the latest version of PokeAlarm.

Description
-------------------------------------

A **Quest Event** represents when a quest appears in a pokestop.

This currently only works with one scanner.

+ If you're unsure as to which reward your alarm will be reporting, use the generic `reward` DTS, this will make it so you don't have any unused or unnecessary space

.. warning::
    Monster and item information is always sent with defaults, so including DTS
    for these when it's actually a different reward type will show misleading information.


Available DTS
-------------------------------------

General
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

================= ========================================================
DTS               Description
================= ========================================================
quest_type        The type of quest - raw data from the scanner in words.
quest_type_id     The ID of the quest type
quest_target      The target of the quest
quest_task        The compiled task from the scanner in words
quest_template    The in-game quest campaign template - usually for events
quest_condition   The conditions of the quest - raw data from the scanner
                  in words - will be changed to interpreted later.
quest_image       The relative image based on the quest reward.
                  See below for more information.
================= ========================================================

+ The `quest_image` will be one of the following based on the reward type
* When a monster, will link to the appropriate monster image
* When an item, will link to the appropriate item image
* When anything else (such as stardust), it will link to the generic image for that type

Reward Details
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

================= ========================================================
DTS               Description
================= ========================================================
reward            The amount and reward information in detail
                  - changed per locale
reward_type_id    The ID of the reward type, see :ref:`quest_filters`
                  for more info
reward_type       The reward type name
reward_type_raw   The name of the reward interpreted by the scanner
reward_amount     The amount of the reward
================= ========================================================

Monster Reward Details
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

================= ========================================================
DTS               Description
================= ========================================================
mon_id            The ID of the monster
mon_name          The name of the monster's species.
mon_id            ID of the monster's species.
mon_id_3          ID of the monster's species, padded to 3 digits.
form              Form name of the monster.
form_or_empty     Form name of the monster, or empty string if unknown.
form_id           Form ID for the monster.
form_id_3         Form ID of the monster, padded to 3 digits.
costume           The name of the monster's costume.
costume_or_empty  The name of the monsters costume or an empty string if
                  unknown.
costume_id        The costume ID of the monster.
costume_id_2      The costume ID of the monster, padded to 2 digits.
costume_id_3      The costume ID of the monster, padded to 3 digits.
type1             Name of the monster's primary type.
type1_or_empty    Name of the monster's primary type, or empty string
                  if unknown.
type1_emoji       Emoji for the monster's primary type, or empty string
                  if unknown.
type2             Name of the monster's secondary type.
type2_or_empty    Name of the monster's secondary type, or empty string
                  if unknown.
type2_emoji       Emoji for the monster's secondary type, or empty string
                  if unknown.
types             Monster's type formatted as "type1/type2".
types_emoji       Type emojis for the monster as "type1+type2", or empty
                  string if unknown.
================= ========================================================

Item Reward Details
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

================= ========================================================
DTS               Description
================= ========================================================
item              The name of the item
raw_item_type     The name of the item interpreted by the scanner
item_id           The ID of the item
item_id_4         The ID of the item padded to 4 with prepended zeros
================= ========================================================

Pokestop Information
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

================= ========================================================
DTS               Description
================= ========================================================
stop_id           The ID of the pokestop this quest is at
stop_name         The name of the pokestop this quest is at
stop_image        The url of the image of the pokestop
================= ========================================================


Location
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. warning::

    Geofences are only evaluated per Filter - ``<geofence>`` will be unknown if
    it passes through a Filter without a ``geofences`` restriction applied.

=================== =========================================================
DTS                 Description
=================== =========================================================
lat                 Latitude of the quest.
lng                 Longitude of the quest.
lat_5               Latitude of the quest, truncated to 5 decimal places.
lng_5               Longitude of the quest, truncated to 5 decimal places.
distance            Distance of the quest from the set location.
direction           Cardinal direction of the quest, from the set location.
gmaps               Google Maps link to the location of the quest.
gnav                Google Maps Navigation to the location of the quest.
applemaps           Apple Maps link to the location of the quest.
applenav            Apple Maps Navigation to the location of the quest.
waze                Waze link to the location of the quest.
wazenav             Waze Navigation to the location of the quest.
geofence            Geofence around the quest.
=================== =========================================================


Time
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

======================= =============================================================== =============
DTS                     Description                                                     Example
======================= =============================================================== =============
last_modified           Time when the quest was last marked as modified - ISO Timestamp ISO-Example_
======================= =============================================================== =============

.. _ISO-Example: https://www.isotimestamp.com/
