Raids
=====================================

.. contents:: Table of Contents
   :depth: 2
   :local:


Prerequisites
-------------------------------------

This pages assumes the following:

1. You have a working scanner.
2. You read and understood the :ref:`events_dts` page.
3. You are using the latest version of PokeAlarm.


Description
-------------------------------------

A **Raid Event** represents when a raid event appears in a gym.


Available DTS
-------------------------------------

General
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

========================== ============================================================
DTS                        Description
========================== ============================================================
gym_id                     The gym id. Unique per gym.
mon_name                   The name of the monster's species.
mon_id                     ID of the monster's species.
mon_id_3                   ID of the monster's species, padded to 3 digits.
raid_lvl                   The tier level of the raid.
form                       Form name of the monster.
form_or_empty              Form name of the monster, or empty string if unknown.
nonnormal_form_or_empty    Form name of the monster, or empty string if Normal or unknown.
form_id                    Form ID for the monster.
form_id_2                  Form ID of the monster, padded to 2 digits.
form_id_3                  Form ID of the monster, padded to 3 digits.
evolution                  Evolution name of the monster.
evolution_or_empty         Evolution name of the monster, or empty string if unknown.
evolution_id               Evolution ID for the monster.
evolution_id_2             Evolution ID of the monster, padded to 2 digits.
evolution_id_3             Evolution ID of the monster, padded to 3 digits.
min_cp                     Minimum potential CP of the monster.
max_cp                     Maximum potential CP of the monster.
type1                      Name of the monster's primary type.
type1_or_empty             Name of the monster's primary type, or empty string
                           if unknown.
type1_emoji                Emoji for the monster's primary type, or empty string
                           if unknown.
type2                      Name of the monster's secondary type.
type2_or_empty             Name of the monster's secondary type, or empty string
                           if unknown.
type2_emoji                Emoji for the monster's secondary type, or empty string
                           if unknown.
types                      Monster's type formatted as "type1/type2".
types_emoji                Type emojis for the monster as "type1+type2", or empty
                           string if unknown.
shiny_emoji                Return shiny emoji if monster can be shiny, or
                           empty string if unknown.
gym_name                   The name of the gym. *
gym_description            The description of the gym. *
gym_image                  The url to the image of the gym. *
slots_available            Number of open guard slots available in a gym.
guard_count                Number of guards assigned to a gym.
team_id                    The id of the team currently in control of the gym.
team_emoji                 The team color currently in control of the gym.
team_name                  The team currently in control of the gym.
team_leader                The leader of the team currently in control of the gym.
sponsor_id                 The sponsor if of the gym. 0 if not sponsored.
sponsored                  True if sponsored, False if not.
max_perfect_cp             Final CP after maxed out a perfect IV monster.
max_perfect_evo_cp         Final CP after evolved and maxed out a perfect IV monster.
stardust_cost              Stardust cost to power up the monster to its max level.
candy_cost                 Candy cost to power up the monster to its max level.
========================== ============================================================

.. note::

  \* Gym Info requires caching. See the :ref:`object-caching`
  page for more information.


Moves
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

================== =========================================================
DTS                 Description
================== =========================================================
quick_move         Name of the monster's quick move.
quick_id           ID of the monster's quick move.
quick_type_id      ID of the monster's quick move type.
quick_type         Name of the monster's quick move type.
quick_type_emoji   Emoji of the monster's quick move type.
quick_damage       Damage of the monster's quick move.
quick_dps          DPS of the monster's quick move.
quick_duration     Duration of the monster's quick move.
quick_energy       Energy generated by the quick move.
charge_move        Name of the monster's charge move.
charge_id          ID of the monster's charge move.
charge_type_id     ID of the monster's charge move type.
charge_type        Name of the monster's charge move type.
charge_type_emoji  Emoji of the monster's charge move type.
charge_damage      Damage of the monster's charge move.
charge_dps         DPS of the monster's charge move.
charge_duration    Duration of the monster's charge move.
charge_energy      Energy generated by the charge move.
================== =========================================================


Cosmetic
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

================== =========================================================
DTS                 Description
================== =========================================================
costume            Costume name of the monster.
costume_or_empty   Costume name of the monster, or empty string if unknown.
costume_id         Costume ID for the monster.
costume_id_2       Costume ID of the monster, padded to 2 digits.
costume_id_3       Costume ID of the monster, padded to 3 digits.
gender             Gender of the monster, represented as a single character.
================== =========================================================


Location
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. warning::

    Geofences are only evaluated per Filter - ``<geofence>`` will be unknown if
    it passes through a Filter without a ``geofences`` restriction applied.

============= =======================================================
DTS           Description
============= =======================================================
lat           Latitude of the raid.
lng           Longitude of the raid.
lat_5         Latitude of the raid, truncated to 5 decimal places.
lng_5         Longitude of the raid, truncated to 5 decimal places.
distance      Distance of the raid from the set location.
direction     Cardinal direction of the raid, from the set location.
gmaps         Google Maps link to the location of the raid.
gnav          Google Maps Navigation to the location of the raid.
applemaps     Apple Maps link to the location of the raid.
applenav      Apple Maps Navigation to the location of the raid.
waze          Waze link to the location of the raid.
wazenav       Waze Navigation to the location of the raid.
geofence      Geofence around the raid.
============= =======================================================


Time
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

======================== ========================================================== ============
DTS                      Description                                                Example
======================== ========================================================== ============
raid_time_left           Time remaining until the raid ends.                        1h 52m 17s
12h_raid_end             Time when the raid ends, formatted in 12h.                 01:15:52pm
24h_raid_end             Time when the raid ends, formatted in 24h.                 13:15:52
raid_time_no_secs        Time remaining until the raid ends without seconds.        1h 52m
12h_raid_end_no_secs     Time when the raid ends, formatted in 12h without seconds. 01:15pm
24h_raid_end_no_secs     Time when the raid ends, formatted in 24h without seconds. 13:15
raid_time_raw_hours      Hours only until the raid will end.                        1
raid_time_raw_minutes    Minutes only until the raid will end.                      52
raid_time_raw_seconds    Seconds only until the raid will end.                      15
======================== ========================================================== ============


Weather
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

======================== =======================================================
DTS                      Description
======================== =======================================================
weather_id               Weather ID of the raid.
weather                  Weather name of the raid.
weather_or_empty         Weather name of the raid, or empty string if unknown.
weather_emoji            Weather emoji of the raid, or empty string if unknown.
boosted_weather_id       Return weather ID if monster is boosted.
boosted_weather          Return weather name if monster is boosted.
boosted_weather_or_empty Return weather name if monster is boosted, or empty
                         string if unknown.
boosted_weather_emoji    Return weather emoji if monster is boosted, or empty
                         string if unknown.
boosted_or_empty         Return `boosted` if monster is boosted, or empty
                         string if not.
======================== =======================================================
