docs/miscellaneous/location-services.rst, before:

Location Services
=====================================

.. contents:: Table of Contents
   :depth: 2
   :local:


Prerequisites
-------------------------------------

This guide assumes:

1. You have a functional PokeAlarm installation
2. You have an available Google account (e.g., Gmail)
3. You have read and understood the available Command Line Arguments
   in the :doc:`../configuration/server-settings` wiki

Introduction
-------------------------------------

Using a Google Maps API key in PokeAlarm is **optional**. It enable additional
features in PokeAlarm.

In order to use a feature, you must have the corresponding API enabled in
Google API Manager, and have a generated Google Maps API key. Below are the
available features, and Google Map API to enable for that feature:

============================================================== =============================
PokeAlarm Feature                                              Google Maps API to Enable
============================================================== =============================
Set a location by name or address                              Google Maps Geocoding
Calculate walking/biking/driving distance from a set location	 Google Maps Distance Matrix
Show a Mini Map of pokemon, gyms, lures, eggs or raids         Google Static Maps
============================================================== =============================

You will enable the APIs per the requirements of you own PokeAlarm
installation. In other words, if you only want static maps, enable just the
Google Static Maps API. If you want static maps and to set your location,
enable the Google Static Maps and Google Maps Geocoding APIs.

In this guide, we will:

1. Enable all 3 APIs and generate an API key that will allow PokeAlarm to
   provide these features
2. Test the key to make sure it working correctly
3. Start **PokeAlarm** with your API key

Enabling the Various Google Maps APIs and Obtaining a Key
-------------------------------------

Now we're going create a new project, add our 3 APIs to it, then generate our
API key.

1. Log into `Google API Manager <https://console.developers.google.com/>`_.

2. Click **Dashboard** at the left. If this is your first time visiting the
   developers console, you should see "No APIs enabled" in the middle, like the
   image below.

.. image:: ../images/01-blank-dashboard.png

3. At the top of the page, click the **Project** dropdown, then
   select **Create project**.

.. image:: ../images/02-create-project.png

4. Name this project whatever you would like, e.g., "PokeAlarm". Click **Create**.

.. image:: ../images/03-new-project-name.png

5. You should now see your project name at the top. Click the blue
   **+ENABLE API** button at the top middle, which will bring your to the Google
   API Library. (You can also click **Library** at the left.)

.. image:: ../images/04_project_created.png

6. The Google API Library is where we will select our 3 APIs to enable. Let's
   enable the **Google Maps Geocoding** API first. You can either type
   **Google Maps Geocoding API** in the middle search bar, or click on it under
   the "Google Maps API" section in the middle right.

.. image:: ../images/05_library.png

7. You should see **Google Maps Geocoding API**. Click the blue **ENABLE**
   button at the top to enable the Google Maps Geocoding API.

.. image:: ../images/06_enable_geocoding_api.png

You should see this screen if enabled:

.. image:: ../images/07_enabled_geocoding_api.png

Click on **Dashboard** at the left. You should now see **Google Maps Geocoding
API** at the middle bottom.

.. image:: ../images/08_dashboard_with_geocoding_enabled.png

8. Click on **Library** at the left and repeat the same process of enabling
   APIs for the **Google Maps Distance Matrix** and **Google Static Maps** APIs.
   When you are finished, click **Dashboard** on the left and make sure that
   you see all 3 APIs at the middle bottom.

.. image:: ../images/09_dashboard_geocoding_distance_enabled.png

9. Now that we have the 3 APIs enabled, let's generate our API key. Click on
   **Credentials** at the left, then the blue **Create Credentials** in the
   middle.

.. image:: ../images/10_credentials.png

10. Click **API key** in the middle.

.. image:: ../images/11_credentials2.png

11. Select **Browser key**.

.. image:: ../images/12_select_browser_key.png

12. If desired, name your key, or leave it as the default name. Click the
    blue **Create** button.

.. image:: ../images/13_key_name.png

13. Your new API key will appear. Click the blue **OK** button.

.. image:: ../images/14_here_is_your_key.png

To find your key later, click on the blue **Credentials** button at the left.

.. image:: ../images/15_find_your_key.png

Testing Your API Key
-------------------------------------

Now that you have your various APIs enabled and your API key created, let's
test to see if it is working correctly.

Geocoding
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

To verify that your API key is working for geocoding and reverse geocoding,
visit the URLs below and replace ``YOUR_API_KEY`` with your Google Maps API key.

**Geocoding**

``https://maps.googleapis.com/maps/api/geocode/json?address=1600+Amphitheatre+Parkway,+Mountain+View,+CA&key=YOUR_API_KEY``

**Reverse Geocoding**

``https://maps.googleapis.com/maps/api/geocode/json?latlng=40.714224,-73.961452&key=YOUR_API_KEY``


Distance Matrix
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

To verify that your API key is working for travel distance and time, visit the
URLs below and replace ``YOUR_API_KEY`` with your Google Maps API key.

``https://maps.googleapis.com/maps/api/distancematrix/json?units=imperial&origins=Washington,DC&destinations=New+York+City,NY&key=YOUR_API_KEY``


Static Maps
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

To verify that your API key is working for Static Maps, visit the URL below
and replace ``YOUR_API_KEY`` with your Google Maps API key.

``https://maps.googleapis.com/maps/api/staticmap?center=Brooklyn+Bridge,New+York,NY&zoom=13&size=600x300&maptype=roadmap&markers=color:blue%7Clabel:S%7C40.702147,-74.015794&markers=color:green%7Clabel:G%7C40.711614,-74.012318&markers=color:red%7Clabel:C%7C40.718217,-73.998284&key=YOUR_API_KEY``

If your key is valid, you should see this same static map image in your browser:

.. image:: ../images/staticmaptest.png

Starting PokeAlarm with a Google Maps API Key

There are 2 methods to start **PokeAlarm** with your Google Maps API key:

1. Run the command ``python3 start_pokealarm.py -k YOUR_GOOGLE_MAPS_API_KEY``

2. Add ``key:YOUR_GOOGLE_MAPS_API_KEY`` to ``config.ini`` located in the
   ``config`` subfolder of your PokeAlarm installation, then run the command
   ``python3 start_pokealarm.py``.


Google API Daily Limit
-------------------------------------

Google allows up to 2,500 API requests per day for free. You may view your
API usage from the Dashboard of the `Google API Manager <https://console.developers.google.com/>`_.
If you have exceeded the free daily quota of 2,500 hits, the mapping elements
in PokeAlarm may not function correctly. If you find that you are exceeding
the free daily 2,500 API calls, you may either switch to another valid Google
Maps API key for the day or sign up for a Google Maps API Premium plan. For
pricing information, visit the `Google Maps API Pricing and Plans page <https://developers.google.com/maps/pricing-and-plans/#details>`_.

Commit message:

Signed Static GMaps (#824)
* added signed gmaps api requests

* add signed requests doc

* add hierarchy for maps settings

docs/miscellaneous/location-services.rst, after:

Location Services
=====================================

.. contents:: Table of Contents
   :depth: 2
   :local:


Prerequisites
-------------------------------------

This guide assumes:

1. You have a functional PokeAlarm installation
2. You have an available Google account (e.g., Gmail)
3. You have read and understood the available Command Line Arguments
   in the :doc:`../configuration/server-settings` wiki

Introduction
-------------------------------------

Using a Google Maps API key in PokeAlarm is **optional**. It enable additional
features in PokeAlarm.

In order to use a feature, you must have the corresponding API enabled in
Google API Manager, and have a generated Google Maps API key. Below are the
available features, and Google Map API to enable for that feature:

============================================================== =============================
PokeAlarm Feature                                              Google Maps API to Enable
============================================================== =============================
Set a location by name or address                              Google Maps Geocoding
Calculate walking/biking/driving distance from a set location	 Google Maps Distance Matrix
Show a Mini Map of pokemon, gyms, lures, eggs or raids         Google Static Maps
============================================================== =============================

You will enable the APIs per the requirements of you own PokeAlarm
installation. In other words, if you only want static maps, enable just the
Google Static Maps API. If you want static maps and to set your location,
enable the Google Static Maps and Google Maps Geocoding APIs.

In this guide, we will:

1. Enable all 3 APIs and generate an API key that will allow PokeAlarm to
   provide these features
2. Test the key to make sure it working correctly
3. Start **PokeAlarm** with your API key

Enabling the Various Google Maps APIs and Obtaining a Key
-------------------------------------

Now we're going create a new project, add our 3 APIs to it, then generate our
API key.

1. Log into `Google API Manager <https://console.developers.google.com/>`_.

2. Click **Dashboard** at the left. If this is your first time visiting the
   developers console, you should see "No APIs enabled" in the middle, like the
   image below.

.. image:: ../images/01-blank-dashboard.png

3. At the top of the page, click the **Project** dropdown, then
   select **Create project**.

.. image:: ../images/02-create-project.png

4. Name this project whatever you would like, e.g., "PokeAlarm". Click **Create**.

.. image:: ../images/03-new-project-name.png

5. You should now see your project name at the top. Click the blue
   **+ENABLE API** button at the top middle, which will bring your to the Google
   API Library. (You can also click **Library** at the left.)

.. image:: ../images/04_project_created.png

6. The Google API Library is where we will select our 3 APIs to enable. Let's
   enable the **Google Maps Geocoding** API first. You can either type
   **Google Maps Geocoding API** in the middle search bar, or click on it under
   the "Google Maps API" section in the middle right.

.. image:: ../images/05_library.png

7. You should see **Google Maps Geocoding API**. Click the blue **ENABLE**
   button at the top to enable the Google Maps Geocoding API.

.. image:: ../images/06_enable_geocoding_api.png

You should see this screen if enabled:

.. image:: ../images/07_enabled_geocoding_api.png

Click on **Dashboard** at the left. You should now see **Google Maps Geocoding
API** at the middle bottom.

.. image:: ../images/08_dashboard_with_geocoding_enabled.png

8. Click on **Library** at the left and repeat the same process of enabling
   APIs for the **Google Maps Distance Matrix** and **Google Static Maps** APIs.
   When you are finished, click **Dashboard** on the left and make sure that
   you see all 3 APIs at the middle bottom.

.. image:: ../images/09_dashboard_geocoding_distance_enabled.png

9. Now that we have the 3 APIs enabled, let's generate our API key. Click on
   **Credentials** at the left, then the blue **Create Credentials** in the
   middle.

.. image:: ../images/10_credentials.png

10. Click **API key** in the middle.

.. image:: ../images/11_credentials2.png

11. Select **Browser key**.

.. image:: ../images/12_select_browser_key.png

12. If desired, name your key, or leave it as the default name. Click the
    blue **Create** button.

.. image:: ../images/13_key_name.png

13. Your new API key will appear. Click the blue **OK** button.

.. image:: ../images/14_here_is_your_key.png

14. To find your key later, click on the blue **Credentials** button at the left.

.. image:: ../images/15_find_your_key.png

Testing Your API Key
-------------------------------------

Now that you have your various APIs enabled and your API key created, let's
test to see if it is working correctly.

Geocoding
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

To verify that your API key is working for geocoding and reverse geocoding,
visit the URLs below and replace ``YOUR_API_KEY`` with your Google Maps API key.

**Geocoding**

``https://maps.googleapis.com/maps/api/geocode/json?address=1600+Amphitheatre+Parkway,+Mountain+View,+CA&key=YOUR_API_KEY``

**Reverse Geocoding**

``https://maps.googleapis.com/maps/api/geocode/json?latlng=40.714224,-73.961452&key=YOUR_API_KEY``


Distance Matrix
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

To verify that your API key is working for travel distance and time, visit the
URLs below and replace ``YOUR_API_KEY`` with your Google Maps API key.

``https://maps.googleapis.com/maps/api/distancematrix/json?units=imperial&origins=Washington,DC&destinations=New+York+City,NY&key=YOUR_API_KEY``


Static Maps
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

To verify that your API key is working for Static Maps, visit the URL below
and replace ``YOUR_API_KEY`` with your Google Maps API key.

``https://maps.googleapis.com/maps/api/staticmap?center=Brooklyn+Bridge,New+York,NY&zoom=13&size=600x300&maptype=roadmap&markers=color:blue%7Clabel:S%7C40.702147,-74.015794&markers=color:green%7Clabel:G%7C40.711614,-74.012318&markers=color:red%7Clabel:C%7C40.718217,-73.998284&key=YOUR_API_KEY``

If your key is valid, you should see this same static map image in your browser:

.. image:: ../images/staticmaptest.png

Starting PokeAlarm with a Google Maps API Key

There are 2 methods to start **PokeAlarm** with your Google Maps API key:

1. Run the command ``python3 start_pokealarm.py -k YOUR_GOOGLE_MAPS_API_KEY``

2. Add ``key:YOUR_GOOGLE_MAPS_API_KEY`` to ``config.ini`` located in the
   ``config`` subfolder of your PokeAlarm installation, then run the command
   ``python3 start_pokealarm.py``.


Securing your API requests
-------------------------------------

PokeAlarm supports the signed requests to secure your Static Maps API requests using a secret hash.
This step is optional but recommended as it will prevent someone to use your API key to generate
additional requests for his own use.

The signing secret can be found in the `Credentials <https://console.cloud.google.com/google/maps-apis/credentials>`_
page by selecting **Generate Secret**. Once you got it, add it to ``gmaps-signing-secret`` in your
config file. All the static maps requests will now be signed.

Now you can disable the unsigned requests to prevent someone to use your key. To do so, go to
`Google Maps Quotas <https://console.cloud.google.com/google/maps-apis/quotas>`_ and select
**Maps Static API**. Open **Unsigned requests (if URL signing secret is defined)** and set the 3 limits
('par day', 'per minute' and 'per minute per user') to 0. Now, anyone who want to make a request
with your key need to know your signing secret (which obviously doesn't appear in the static map URL).


Google API Daily Limit
-------------------------------------

Google allows up to 2,500 API requests per day for free. You may view your
API usage from the Dashboard of the `Google API Manager <https://console.developers.google.com/>`_.
If you have exceeded the free daily quota of 2,500 hits, the mapping elements
in PokeAlarm may not function correctly. If you find that you are exceeding
the free daily 2,500 API calls, you may either switch to another valid Google
Maps API key for the day or sign up for a Google Maps API Premium plan. For
pricing information, visit the `Google Maps API Pricing and Plans page <https://developers.google.com/maps/pricing-and-plans/#details>`_.
