docs/dts/monster-dts.md, before:

# Monster DTS

## Overview

* [Prerequisites](#prerequisites)
* [Available DTS](#available-dts)

## Prerequisites

This page assumes:

1. You have a working scanner.
2. You read and understood the [DTS](dynamic-text-substitution) page.
3. You are using the latest version of PokeAlarm.

## Available DTS

| DTS             | Description                                               |
|---------------- |---------------------------------------------------------- |
| encounter_id    | The encounter id. Unique per monster.                     |
| mon_name        | The name of the monster's species.                        |
| mon_id          | ID of the monster's species.                              |
| mon_id_3        | ID of the monster's species, padded to 3 digits.          |
| time_left       | Time remaining until the monster expires.                 |
| 12h_time        | Time that the monster will disappear, in a 12h format.    |
| 24h_time        | Time that the monster will disappear, in a 24h format.    |
| spawn_start     | Estimated time that the monster spawn starts.             |
| spawn_end       | Estimated time that the monster spawn ends.               |
| spawn_verified  | Whether this spawn times have been verified.              |
| lat             | Latitude of the monster.                                  |
| lng             | Longitude of the monster.                                 |
| lat_5           | Latitude of the monster, truncated to 5 decimal places.   |
| lng_5           | Longitude of the monster, truncated to 5 decimal places.  |
| distance        | Distance of the monster from the set location.            |
| direction       | Cardinal direction of the monster, from the set location. |
| gmaps           | Google Maps link to the location of the monster.          |
| applemaps       | Apple Maps link to the location of the monster.           |
| geofence        | Geofence around the event. See 'Geofences' section from [filters](filters-overview#geofence) page.|
| mon_lvl         | Level of the monster.                                     |
| cp              | Combat Points of the monster.                             |
| iv              | Individual Values percentage of the monster.              |              
| iv_0            | IVs, rounded to the nearest integer.                      |
| iv_2            | IVs, rounded to 2 decimal places.                         |
| atk             | Attack IV of the monster.                                 |
| def             | Defense IV of the monster.                                |
| sta             | Stamina IV of the monster.                                |
| form            | Form name of the monster.                                 |
| form_or_empty   | Form name of the monster, or empty string if unknown.     |
| form_id         | Form ID for the monster.                                  |
| form_id_3       | Form ID of the monster, padded to 3 digits.               |
| quick_move      | Name of the monster's quick move.                         |                
| quick_id        | ID of the monster's quick move.                           |
| quick_damage    | Damage of the monster's quick move.                       |
| quick_dps       | DPS of the monster's quick move.                          |
| quick_duration  | Duration of the monster's quick move.                     |
| quick_energy    | Energy generated by the quick move.                       |
| charge_move     | Name of the monster's charge move.                        |
| charge_id       | ID of the monster's charge move.                          |
| charge_damage   | Damage of the monster's charge move.                      |
| charge_dps      | DPS of the monster's charge move.                         |
| charge_duration | Duration of the monster's charge move.                    |
| charge_energy   | Energy cost by the quick move.                            |
| gender          | Gender of the monster, represented as a single character. |
| height          | Height of the monster.                                    |
| weight          | Weight of the monster.                                    |
| size            | Estimated size of the monster.                            |
| big_karp        | Return `big` if Magikarp weight is >=13.13.               |
| tiny_rat        | Return `tiny` if Rattata weight is <=2.41.                |

Commit message:

Adding catch prob and rating attack DTS

docs/dts/monster-dts.md, after:

# Monster DTS

## Overview

* [Prerequisites](#prerequisites)
* [Available DTS](#available-dts)

## Prerequisites

This page assumes:

1. You have a working scanner.
2. You read and understood the [DTS](dynamic-text-substitution) page.
3. You are using the latest version of PokeAlarm.

## Available DTS

| DTS             | Description                                               |
|---------------- |---------------------------------------------------------- |
| encounter_id    | The encounter id. Unique per monster.                     |
| mon_name        | The name of the monster's species.                        |
| mon_id          | ID of the monster's species.                              |
| mon_id_3        | ID of the monster's species, padded to 3 digits.          |
| time_left       | Time remaining until the monster expires.                 |
| 12h_time        | Time that the monster will disappear, in a 12h format.    |
| 24h_time        | Time that the monster will disappear, in a 24h format.    |
| spawn_start     | Estimated time that the monster spawn starts.             |
| spawn_end       | Estimated time that the monster spawn ends.               |
| spawn_verified  | Whether this spawn times have been verified.              |
| lat             | Latitude of the monster.                                  |
| lng             | Longitude of the monster.                                 |
| lat_5           | Latitude of the monster, truncated to 5 decimal places.   |
| lng_5           | Longitude of the monster, truncated to 5 decimal places.  |
| distance        | Distance of the monster from the set location.            |
| direction       | Cardinal direction of the monster, from the set location. |
| gmaps           | Google Maps link to the location of the monster.          |
| applemaps       | Apple Maps link to the location of the monster.           |
| geofence        | Geofence around the event. See 'Geofences' section from [filters](filters-overview#geofence) page.|
| mon_lvl         | Level of the monster.                                     |
| cp              | Combat Points of the monster.                             |
| iv              | Individual Values percentage of the monster.              |              
| iv_0            | IVs, rounded to the nearest integer.                      |
| iv_2            | IVs, rounded to 2 decimal places.                         |
| atk             | Attack IV of the monster.                                 |
| def             | Defense IV of the monster.                                |
| sta             | Stamina IV of the monster.                                |
| form            | Form name of the monster.                                 |
| form_or_empty   | Form name of the monster, or empty string if unknown.     |
| form_id         | Form ID for the monster.                                  |
| form_id_3       | Form ID of the monster, padded to 3 digits.               |
| quick_move      | Name of the monster's quick move.                         |                
| quick_id        | ID of the monster's quick move.                           |
| quick_damage    | Damage of the monster's quick move.                       |
| quick_dps       | DPS of the monster's quick move.                          |
| quick_duration  | Duration of the monster's quick move.                     |
| quick_energy    | Energy generated by the quick move.                       |
| charge_move     | Name of the monster's charge move.                        |
| charge_id       | ID of the monster's charge move.                          |
| charge_damage   | Damage of the monster's charge move.                      |
| charge_dps      | DPS of the monster's charge move.                         |
| charge_duration | Duration of the monster's charge move.                    |
| charge_energy   | Energy cost by the quick move.                            |
| gender          | Gender of the monster, represented as a single character. |
| height          | Height of the monster.                                    |
| weight          | Weight of the monster.                                    |
| size            | Estimated size of the monster.                            |
| rating_attack   | Rating attack of the monster.                             |
| rating_defense  | Rating defense of the monster.                            |
| catch_prob_1    | Probability to catch the monster with a pokeball.         |
| catch_prob_2    | Probability to catch the monster with a superball.        |
| catch_prob_3    | Probability to catch the monster with an ultraball.       |
| big_karp        | Return `big` if Magikarp weight is >=13.13.               |
| tiny_rat        | Return `tiny` if Rattata weight is <=2.41.                |
