docs/configuration/filters/egg-filters.rst, before:

Eggs
=====================================

.. contents:: Table of Contents
   :depth: 2
   :local:

Prerequisites
-------------------------------------

This page assumes:

+ You have a working scanner.
+ You understand
  `JSON formatting <https://www.w3schools.com/js/js_json_intro.asp>`_.
+ You are using the latest version of PokeAlarm.
+ You have read and understood the :doc:`index` page.

Introduction
-------------------------------------

The ``"eggs"`` section has three distinct settings.

+----------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------+
| Setting Name         | Description                                               |
+======================+===========================================================+
| enabled              | Process Egg Events only if ``true``                       |
+----------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------+
| defaults             | Section for the default settings                          |
+----------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------+
| filters              | See below parameters                                      |
+----------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------+


Available DTS
-------------------------------------

General
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~


================== ================================================ ================================
Parameter          Description                                      Example
================== ================================================ ================================
min_egg_lvl        Minimum level of the egg when hatched.           ``0``
max_egg_lvl        Maximum level of the egg when hatched.           ``5``
current_teams      List of allowed current teams, by id or name.    ``["Instinct","Mystic"]``
gym_name_contains  List of regex's required to be in the gym name.  ``["Sponsored","West\\sOak"]``
gym_name_excludes  List of regex's rejected to be in the gym name.  ``["Sponsored","West\\sOak"]``
park_contains      List of regex's required to be in the park name. ``["Sponsored","Park\\sName"]``
sponsored          restrict sponsor_id to be zero or not            ``true`` or ``false``
================== ================================================ ================================


Miscellaneous
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

=============== ====================================================== ==============================
Parameter       Description                                            Example
=============== ====================================================== ==============================
min_dist        Min distance of event from set location in miles       ``0.0`` *
                or meters (depending on settings).
max_dist        Max distance of event from set location in miles       ``1000.0`` *
                or meters (depending on settings).
min_time_left   Minimum time (in seconds) until monster despawns.      ``1000``
max_time_left   Maximum time (in seconds) until monster despawns.      ``2400``
weather         Accepted weathers, by id or name.                      ``["Clear",2]``
geofences       See :ref:`geofences_filters` page on 'Geofences'       ``["geofence1","geofence2"]``
custom_dts      See :ref:`custom_dts_filters` page on 'Custom DTS'     ``{"dts1":"substitution"}``
is_missing_info See :ref:`missing_info_filters` page on 'Missing Info' ``true`` or ``false``

=============== ====================================================== ==============================

+ Floats can use ``"inf"`` to represent infinity

Commit message:

Added is_exclusive field support for eggs

docs/configuration/filters/egg-filters.rst, after:

Eggs
=====================================

.. contents:: Table of Contents
   :depth: 2
   :local:

Prerequisites
-------------------------------------

This page assumes:

+ You have a working scanner.
+ You understand
  `JSON formatting <https://www.w3schools.com/js/js_json_intro.asp>`_.
+ You are using the latest version of PokeAlarm.
+ You have read and understood the :doc:`index` page.

Introduction
-------------------------------------

The ``"eggs"`` section has three distinct settings.

+----------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------+
| Setting Name         | Description                                               |
+======================+===========================================================+
| enabled              | Process Egg Events only if ``true``                       |
+----------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------+
| defaults             | Section for the default settings                          |
+----------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------+
| filters              | See below parameters                                      |
+----------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------+


Available DTS
-------------------------------------

General
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~


================== ================================================ ================================
Parameter          Description                                      Example
================== ================================================ ================================
min_egg_lvl        Minimum level of the egg when hatched.           ``0``
max_egg_lvl        Maximum level of the egg when hatched.           ``5``
current_teams      List of allowed current teams, by id or name.    ``["Instinct","Mystic"]``
gym_name_contains  List of regex's required to be in the gym name.  ``["Sponsored","West\\sOak"]``
gym_name_excludes  List of regex's rejected to be in the gym name.  ``["Sponsored","West\\sOak"]``
is_ex_eligible     restrict ex_eligible to be zero or not           ``true`` or ``false``
is_exclusive       restrict is_exclusive to be zero or not          ``true`` or ``false``
park_contains      List of regex's required to be in the park name. ``["Sponsored","Park\\sName"]``
sponsored          restrict sponsor_id to be zero or not            ``true`` or ``false``
================== ================================================ ================================


Miscellaneous
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

=============== ====================================================== ==============================
Parameter       Description                                            Example
=============== ====================================================== ==============================
min_dist        Min distance of event from set location in miles       ``0.0`` *
                or meters (depending on settings).
max_dist        Max distance of event from set location in miles       ``1000.0`` *
                or meters (depending on settings).
min_time_left   Minimum time (in seconds) until monster despawns.      ``1000``
max_time_left   Maximum time (in seconds) until monster despawns.      ``2400``
weather         Accepted weathers, by id or name.                      ``["Clear",2]``
geofences       See :ref:`geofences_filters` page on 'Geofences'       ``["geofence1","geofence2"]``
custom_dts      See :ref:`custom_dts_filters` page on 'Custom DTS'     ``{"dts1":"substitution"}``
is_missing_info See :ref:`missing_info_filters` page on 'Missing Info' ``true`` or ``false``

=============== ====================================================== ==============================

+ Floats can use ``"inf"`` to represent infinity
