docs/configuration/filters/raid-filters.rst, before:

Raids
=====================================

.. contents:: Table of Contents
   :depth: 2
   :local:

Prerequisites
-------------------------------------

This page assumes:

+ You have a working scanner.
+ You understand
  `JSON formatting <https://www.w3schools.com/js/js_json_intro.asp>`_.
+ You are using the latest version of PokeAlarm.
+ You have read and understood the :doc:`index` page.

Introduction
-------------------------------------

The ``"raids"`` section has three distinct settings.

+----------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------+
| Setting Name         | Description                                               |
+======================+===========================================================+
| enabled              | Process Raid Events only if ``true``                      |
+----------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------+
| defaults             | Section for the default settings                          |
+----------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------+
| filters              | See below parameters                                      |
+----------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------+


Available DTS
-------------------------------------

General
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

================= ================================================ ===============================
Parameter         Description                                      Example
================= ================================================ ===============================
monsters          Array of allowed monsters, by id or name.        ``["Raikou","244",245]``
monsters_exclude  Array of excluded monsters, by id or name.       ``["Raikou","244",245]``
min_raid_lvl      Minimum level of the raid.                       ``0``
max_raid_lvl      Maximum level of the raid.                       ``5``
min_cp            Minimum CP of the monster.                       ``0``
max_cp            Maximum CP of the monster.                       ``100000``
quick_moves       Accepted quick moves, by id or name.             ``["Vine Whip","Tackle"]``
charge_moves      Accepted charge moves, by id or name.            ``["Sludge Bomb","Seed Bomb"]``
current_teams     List of allowed current teams, by id or name.    ``["Instinct","Mystic"]``
gym_name_contains List of regex's required to be in the gym name.  ``["Sponsored","West\\sOak"]``
gym_name_excludes List of regex's rejected to be in the gym name.  ``["Sponsored","West\\sOak"]``
================= ================================================ ===============================


Miscellaneous
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

=============== ====================================================== ==============================
Parameter       Description                                            Example
=============== ====================================================== ==============================
min_dist        Min distance of event from set location in miles       ``0.0`` *
                or meters (depending on settings).
max_dist        Max distance of event from set location in miles       ``1000.0`` *
                or meters (depending on settings).
min_time_left   Minimum time (in seconds) until monster despawns.      ``1000``
max_time_left   Maximum time (in seconds) until monster despawns.      ``2400``
weather         Accepted weathers, by id or name.                      ``["Clear",2]``
geofences       See :ref:`geofences_filters` page on 'Geofences'       ``["geofence1","geofence2"]``
custom_dts      See :ref:`custom_dts_filters` page on 'Custom DTS'     ``{"dts1":"substitution"}``
is_missing_info See :ref:`missing_info_filters` page on 'Missing Info' ``true`` or ``false``
=============== ====================================================== ==============================

+ Floats can use ``"inf"`` to represent infinity

Commit message:

Raid form filter (#675)
* Raid Form Filtering

* Documentation update

docs/configuration/filters/raid-filters.rst, after:

Raids
=====================================

.. contents:: Table of Contents
   :depth: 2
   :local:

Prerequisites
-------------------------------------

This page assumes:

+ You have a working scanner.
+ You understand
  `JSON formatting <https://www.w3schools.com/js/js_json_intro.asp>`_.
+ You are using the latest version of PokeAlarm.
+ You have read and understood the :doc:`index` page.

Introduction
-------------------------------------

The ``"raids"`` section has three distinct settings.

+----------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------+
| Setting Name         | Description                                               |
+======================+===========================================================+
| enabled              | Process Raid Events only if ``true``                      |
+----------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------+
| defaults             | Section for the default settings                          |
+----------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------+
| filters              | See below parameters                                      |
+----------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------+


Available DTS
-------------------------------------

General
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

================= ================================================ ===============================
Parameter         Description                                      Example
================= ================================================ ===============================
monsters          Array of allowed monsters, by id or name.        ``["Raikou","244",245]``
monsters_exclude  Array of excluded monsters, by id or name.       ``["Raikou","244",245]``
min_raid_lvl      Minimum level of the raid.                       ``0``
max_raid_lvl      Maximum level of the raid.                       ``5``
min_cp            Minimum CP of the monster.                       ``0``
max_cp            Maximum CP of the monster.                       ``100000``
form_ids          Array of allowed form ids for the monster.       ``[0,"1"]``
quick_moves       Accepted quick moves, by id or name.             ``["Vine Whip","Tackle"]``
charge_moves      Accepted charge moves, by id or name.            ``["Sludge Bomb","Seed Bomb"]``
current_teams     List of allowed current teams, by id or name.    ``["Instinct","Mystic"]``
gym_name_contains List of regex's required to be in the gym name.  ``["Sponsored","West\\sOak"]``
gym_name_excludes List of regex's rejected to be in the gym name.  ``["Sponsored","West\\sOak"]``
================= ================================================ ===============================


Miscellaneous
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

=============== ====================================================== ==============================
Parameter       Description                                            Example
=============== ====================================================== ==============================
min_dist        Min distance of event from set location in miles       ``0.0`` *
                or meters (depending on settings).
max_dist        Max distance of event from set location in miles       ``1000.0`` *
                or meters (depending on settings).
min_time_left   Minimum time (in seconds) until monster despawns.      ``1000``
max_time_left   Maximum time (in seconds) until monster despawns.      ``2400``
weather         Accepted weathers, by id or name.                      ``["Clear",2]``
geofences       See :ref:`geofences_filters` page on 'Geofences'       ``["geofence1","geofence2"]``
custom_dts      See :ref:`custom_dts_filters` page on 'Custom DTS'     ``{"dts1":"substitution"}``
is_missing_info See :ref:`missing_info_filters` page on 'Missing Info' ``true`` or ``false``
=============== ====================================================== ==============================

+ Floats can use ``"inf"`` to represent infinity
